docs: add caution callout for kv (#1625)
denoland/docs: deploy/kv/manual/index.md

  - /runtime/manual/runtime/kv/
---

> :::caution This feature is still unstable
> 
> Make sure you add the `--unstable-kv` flag to your run command to enable it.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: Nit: let's use a bit softer language:
```suggestion
:::caution

Deno KV is still in development and may change. To use it, you must pass the `--unstable-kv` flag to Deno.

:::
```
